What's in this course for you
cue-1
before commencing this training, let's establish its purpose.
cue-2
It is plausible that you have prior knowledge of several of the topics that we will
cue-3
discuss.
cue-4
However, since the cyber security environment is consistently
cue-5
evolving, we must periodically update our knowledge and continuously
cue-6
enhance our security awareness skills.
cue-7
The goal here is to provide you with the necessary knowledge, attitudes and
cue-8
skills to recognize and respond appropriately to fishing attacks.
cue-9
We request that you approach this with an open mindset and utilize this
cue-10
opportunity to refine your strategies that can enhance your overall
cue-11
security.